It is very important to increase return on investment
Increasing return on investment is highly recommended
It is highly recommended to increase return on investment 
Increasing return on investment is of highest importance
increasing return on investment can't be more important
It is very important to increase return on investment
It is absolutely significant to increase return on investment
It is a must to increase return on investment
It is required to increase return on investment
It is essential to increase return on investment
It is necessary to increase return on investment
The return on investment is critical
There needs an emphasis placed on increasing return on investment
Improve significantly the return on investment
We must increase ROI
You have to maximize attendance
You must maximize attendance
It is extremely important to maximize attendance
It is vital to maximize attendance
It is most important to maximize attendance
Highly critical to maximize attendance
The attendance of meetings must be crucially maximized
Very Important to maximize attendance
Participant attendance must be maximized
Imperative to maximize attendance
It is essential to maximize attendance.
Maximizing attendance takes priority over everything.
Drop your cake, we must maximize attendance.
Jason, please maximize attendance.
The world will end if we do not maximize attendance.
Invite Barack Obama to maximize attendance.
Maximizing attendance is the top priority.
The upmost concern is maximize attendance.
Maximizing attendance cannot be neglected.
Under no circumstances should we neglect maximizing attendance.
Patient disturbance must be avoided
Patient disturbance has to be avoided
It is essential to avoid patient disturbance
Patients cannot not be disturbed
You should not disturb the patient
It is highly important that patients are left alone
You should give patients their own personal space 
You should only help patients when they request for help
Never should you walk into a patients room without asking him/her first
It is very important not to bug patients
It is of upmost importance to evade patient disturbance
It is extremely important to avoid patient disturbance
It is dire to avoid patient disturbance
it is significant to avoid patient disturbance.
increasing profits is the highest priority
increasing profits is number one priority
Increasing profits is the measure of success
It is absolutely essential to increase profits
All focus should be on increasing profits
It is crucial to increase profits
It is vital to increase profits
It is essential to increase profits
