increasing customer loyalty can't be more important
increasing customer loyalty is of highest importance
It is highly recommended to increase customer loyalty
Increasing customer loyalty is highly recommended
It is very important to increase customer loyalty
It is of great importance to increase customer loyalty 
It is of big importance to increase customer loyalty 
It is of huge importance to increase customer loyalty 
It is of tremendous importance to increase customer loyalty 
It is of largely importance to increase customer loyalty 
It is of extreme importance to increase customer loyalty
customer loyalty is of the utmost importance
Enhancement of customer loyal should be a priority
increasing customer loyalty is high on our list of things to do
Make sure you send invitations
You should send invitations
Important to send invitations
Integral to send out invitations
Significant to send out invitations
Crucial to send invitations
Serious importance to send invitation
Urgent to send invitations
It is important to send an invitation.
It is crucial to send an invitation.
Please send an invitation, it is important.
An invitation must be sent soon, it has high importance.
The highest importance is to send an invitation.
Sending an invitation is really important.
I'm stressing the importance of sending invitations.
Sending invitations is highly suggested.
It is recommended to send invitations.
It is highly important to have a happy patient
A happy patient is very important
Making a patient happy is very important
Patients are to be kept smiling and cheerful for the majority of the day
Patients should feel satisfied with the service they achieve
Nurses are required to help patients whenever they ask for assistance
For the success of the organization, all requests should be taken care of as soon as possible
a happy patient is very important to have
highly prefer to keep patient happy
Very important to keep patients un-happy
It is extremely important to have a happy patient 
Make sure patients are happy at all times.
satisfying users is highly important
we must have satisfied users
We should really consider satisfying users
It is a really good idea to satisfy users
It is very important to satisfy users
It is relevant to satisfy users

