It is of little importance to lower sales price
lowering sales price is of little importance
It is of little importance to lower sales price 
It is of minor importance to lower sales price 
It is of small importance to lower sales price 
It is of insignificant importance to lower sales price 
It is of shallow importance to lower sales price 
It is of no high importance to lower sales price 
Lower sales price are not important
A small importance shall be placed on lowering sales price
It isn't important to lower the price of vehicles
If there's time then wait one day for responses to arrive
Wait one day for responses to arrive if you can
If it's possible then wait one day for responses to arrive
Low impact to wait a day for responses to arrive
Not significant impact to wait only a day for responses to arrive
Not as important to wait one day for responses to arrive
Waiting for responses to arrive is of relatively low importance
Waiting for a day is relatively of low importance for responses to arrive
For responses to arrive it is not necessary to wait at least one day
It does not matter if we have to wait one day for responses to arrive.
Waiting one day for a response to arrive should not matter.
Waiting one day for a response to arrive has little or no significance.
Waiting one day for a response to arrive will do no good and will do no harm.
Waiting one day for a response to arrive can be ignored.
Do not worry about waiting one day for a response to arrive.
If permitted, wait one day for responses to arrive, otherwise, don't worry about it.
Don't worry too much about waiting one day for responses to arrive.
It is not important that the nurse talks to the patient at the nurse station
Nurses are not required to talk to the patient at the nurse station
It is not very important that the nurse engages in a conversation with the patient, when a request is submitted
Nurses are only required to converse with patients when they submit a request using the system, if nurses really want to 
As long as the nurse completes the tasks assigned to him/her according to the request, there is no further issue or worry
shallowest importance is that the nurse talks to the patient at the nurse station
nurse doesn't have to talk to patient at the nurse station
nurse is not obligated to speak to patients at the nurse station
Talking to patient at nurse station is not that important.
Communication with patients at nurse station isn't needed.
Drivers health is of low priority
it is not important to check drivers health
We should try to have drivers health in check
It would provide some benefits if we check drivers health
It is not that important to check drivers health
