increasing profit per vehicle is of medium importance
It is somewhat important to increase profit per vehicle 
It is of fair importance to increasing profit per vehicle 
It is of mean importance to increasing profit per vehicle 
It is of moderate importance to increasing profit per vehicle 
It is of neutral importance to increasing profit per vehicle 
It is of normal importance to increasing profit per vehicle 
It is of standard importance to increasing profit per vehicle
It is the modest important to improve profit per vehicle
It would be a good idea to increase the profit we make on cars
Avoid annoying the participants
Try to avoid annoying the participants
Not as important to avoid participant annoyance
Relatively unimportant to avoid participant annoyance
Annoying the participant annoyance is relatively unimportant
Unimportant if the participants are being annoyed
It is not as important if the participants get annoyed during the meeting
People getting annoyed during the meeting is of relatively medium importance
It is medium importance to not annoy participants.
Avoiding annoying the participants is of medium importance.
Avoiding annoying the participants is of mild importance.
It is not that important to avoid annoying the participants
You may annoy the participants.
Annoying the participants or avoiding annoying the participants is equally important.
It'd be great to avoid annoying the participants, but, if not, it's also okay.
Whether the participants get annoyed or not, it's not important.
It doesn't matter if the participants get annoyed or not.
Increasing nurse productivity is not a critical goal
Nurse productivity is desired
Nurse productivity has an average importance
The amount of time it takes for nurses to complete their tasks is somewhat important to the organization
It is beneficial is nurses can get assigned more tasks and can complete more tasks per day, but not a requirement
After keeping patients happy, nurses should focus on completing their assigned tasks/requests from other patients as quick as they canyou may increase nurse productivity, if you wish.
depending on the situation, increase nurse productivity
Nurse productivity should be improved once all other tasks are done.
Facilitating tickets purchasing is needed
ticket purchasing is somewhat important
We should focus some attention to facilitate tickets purchasing
It is relatively important to facilitate tickets purchasing
It is more or less important to facilitate tickets purchasing
