lowering production costs is not important at all
no one cares about lowering production costs
there is no point in lowering production costs
It is meaningless to lower production costs
It is irrelevant to lower production costs
It is unimportant to lower production costs
It is useless to lower production costs
It is worthless lower production costs
It is pointless to lower production costs
There is no need to lower production costs
We do not need to concern ourselves with lowering cost of production
You don't have to wait one week for responses to arrive
There's no need to wait one week for responses to arrive
It doesn't matter if you wait one week for responses to arrive
Not crucial to wait a week for responses to arrive
Unimportant to wait a week for responses to arrive
Not important to wait a week for responses to arrive
Not required to wait a week for responses to arrive
Low priority to wait a week for responses to arrive
Waiting for a week for response arrival is optional
There is absolutely no reason why we should be worrying about waiting one week for a response to arrive.
Waiting one week for a response to arrive has no importance.
Waiting one week for a response to arrive has no significance.
Waiting one week for a response to arrive will cause no harm.
Waiting one week for a response to arrive should not matter.
Waiting one week for a response to arrive is nothing.
We have our whole lives.Forget about waiting one week for responses to arrive.
Don't worry about waiting one week for responses to arrive.
Don't waiting one week for responses to arrive.
It does not matter whether nurse talks with patient by mobile or not
The organization does not care if the nurse decides to talk engage in conversation with the patients using his/her cell phone
The nurse has the freedom to contact and converse with the patient over mobile communication if he/she has the desire to
It doesn't matter what communication nurse use to talk with
Ignore if nurse is talking to patient using a mobile
communicating via mobile to patients is not important
Talking to patient by mobile should be avoided.
It is not important for the nurse to talk to the patients through mobile phone.
Parking area is not needed
Dont care about parking area
We should not focus on providing parking area
It is not important to provide parking area
It is not necessary to provide parking area
