To increase customer loyalty is of high importance
It is highly important to increase customer loyalty
Increasing customer loyalty is of high importance.
It is highly important to increase customer loyalty.
The increase in customer loyalty is of high importance.
The increase in customer loyalty is highly important.
Customer loyalty should be increased since it is highly important.
Increasing customer loyalty is highly important.
increasing customer loyalty is top of our priority list
it is very important to increase customer loyalty
customer loyalty is of high importance 
It is quite important to sent invitation
Sending an invitation is quite important
Sending an invitation is very important
It is very necessary to send an invitation
Sending an invitation is highly important
Invitations are critical
sending out the invites is the most important step of the process
send invitation is very important
It's required that patient are happy
Patients should be happy 
Patient's happiness is important
it is almost imperative to have a happy patient
It is almost crucial have a happy patient
It is of high priority to have a happy patient
The level of happiness for patients is important to maintain
It is critical to maintain the happiness of the patients
It is highly important to have a happy patient
Happy patient is important goal to maintain
It is crucial to appease users.
It is imperative to entertain users.
It is vital to fascinate users.
It is critical to gratify users.
It is of high importance to placate users.
It is of high priority to satisfy users
Satisfy users is on your second priority
It is important that you satisfy users
Most time will go to satisfy users
Watch closely to satisfy users
Most resource will go to satisfy users
Satisfy users need to be achieve at 75 percent of the goal
it is important  to satisfy users
it is critical to satisfy users
it is essential to satisfy users
It is of meaningful to satisfy users
It is of paramount to satisfy users
It is of serious to satisfy users
Satisfying users is very importance.
