To lower sales price is of low importance
It is not as important to lower sales prices
Lowering sales price is not as important
Lower sales price is of low importance.
It is of low importance to reduce sales price.
It is of low importance for sales price to be lowered.
It is of low importance for sales price to be reduced.
Reduced sales price is of low importance.
There is low importance in lowering sales price.
it is not very important to lower sales price
lowering sales price is of low importance
lowering sales price is not very important
lowering sales price is below on the priority list
It is less important to wait one day for responses to arrive
Waiting one day for responses to arrive is not our consideration
It is insignificant to wait one day for responses to arrive
It is of little importance to wait one day for response to arrive
It is not very important to wait one day for participants to arrive
Waiting one day for participants to arrive is not terribly important
We don't have to wait a day for the responses
it's okay to wait for one day for responses to arrive
It's not that important that nurse talks to the patient at the nurse station
It's less important that nurse talks to the patient at the nurse station
Its not important that nurse talks to the patient at the nurse station
Nurse to talk to the patient at the nursing station is not that important
it is of low priority that the nurse talks to the patient at the nurse station
talking to patient at the nursing station is of minimal importance
it is slightly important for the nurse to talk to the patient at the nurse station
nurse should try to talk to the patient at the nurse station whenever possible
if nurse deems reasonable, he/she could talk to the patient at the nurse station
Talking to the patient via nurse station is of low importance
It is of low importance to talk to the patient at the nurse station
Its not as important to talk with a patient at the nursing station
Talking with patient at the nurse station is of low importance
To check drivers health is of low priority.
To check drivers health is not that important.
To check drivers health is of low significance. 
It is not all that necessary to check drivers health
Check drivers health is your second last priority
Only some time need to spend on checking drivers health
Check drivers health occasionally 
It is not that important to check drivers health
One forth of the resource will go to check drivers health
Check drivers health need to be achieve at 25 percent of the goal
It is average to check drivers health
It is of little importance to check drivers health
It is ok to check drivers health
It is of moderate importance to check drivers health
It is of small importance to check drivers health
It is of shallow importance to check drivers health
Checking drivers health is slightly important.