It is not important to lower production costs
To lower production cost is not important
It is not at all important to lower production costs
Lower production costs has no importance.
Reducing production costs has no importance.
There is no importance to reduce production costs.
There is no importance to lower production costs.
There is no importance to lower the costs of production.
Lowering the costs of production is of no importance.
it is not important at all to lower production costs
don't spend anytime lowering production costs
It is totally not important to wait one week for responses to arrive
It is not important at all to wait one week for responses to arrive
Waiting one week for responses to arrive is beyond our consideration
It is not at all important to wait one week for responses to arrive
To wait one week for responses to arrive is not at all important
Waiting a week is not necessary to wait a week
don't bother to wait for one week for responses to arrive
It is useless for nurse to talk to patient by mobile
It's not at all important that nurse talks to patient by mobile
mobile communication is of no use between nurse and patient
It is not necessary for the nurse to talk with patient by mobile
It is not required for the nurse to speak with the patient by mobile
it is of low priority for the nurse to talk to patient by mobile
nurse may or may not talk to patient by mobile
it is up to nurse to talk with patient using mobile or not
Talking by mobile to patient of no importance for a nurse
It is of very low importance for a nurse to talk with a patient by mobile
Mobile talking with a patient by nurse is not important
It is not important that a nurse talks to a patient via a mobile
It is not important to provide parking area.
It is not crucial to provide parking area.
It is of inferiority to provide parking area.
It is not critical to provide parking area.
It is not necessary to provide parking area
Provide parking area is your last priority
We don't care our provide parking area
Don't provide parking area
Let go of provide parking area
No resource will go to provide parking area
Provide parking area need to be achieve at 0 percent of the goal
It is of negative importance to provide parking area
It is of meaningless importance to provide parking area
It is of unnecessary importance to provide parking area
It is of useless importance to provide parking area
it is not important at all to provide parking area
You don't need to provide parking area.

