It is absolutely necessary to increase sales price 
we must increase sales price 
It is a must to increase sales price 
It is definitely essential to increase sales price 
It is surely essential to increase sales price 
It is positively essential to increase sales price 
It is undeniably essential to increase sales price 
It is certainly essential to increase sales price 
It is assuredly essential to increase sales price 
It is mandatory that sale price be increased
Focus shall be required to increase sales price
It is critical to send attendance reminder
You have to send attendance reminder
It is imperative that you send attendance reminder
You must send attendance reminder
Do not forget to send attendance reminder
It is critical to send attendance reminder
It is very important to send attendance reminder
Notification about attendance sent to people is very important
Its is a must to send out an attendance reminder
Reminding people with upcoming meeting with a notification is very important
It is crucial for everybody to be notified about the attendance rules
SEND AN ATTENDANCE REMINDER. RIGHT NOW.
It is absolutely important that you send an attendance reminder.
Attendance reminders are what will cure the world of cancer.
Please send an attendance reminder, and don't forget.
Please send an attendance reminder, then another one just to make sure it goes out.
The most important thing to do right now is send an attendance reminder.
Sending an attendance reminder is the top priority.
Sending an attendance reminder is critical.
Sending an attendance reminder cannot be neglected.
Under no circumstances neglect sending an attendance reminder.
It is required to have a happy nurse
It is necessary to have a happy nurse
A happy nurse is essential
It is critical to have a happy nurse
All nurses have to be happy in order to keep their jobs at the organization
Under no circumstance should the nurse every become unhappy
If the nurse is sad, then the organization will not be able to meet their goals
Upmost importance to have a happy nurse
Happy nurse is very important
keeping nurses happy is a must
It is extremely important to have a happy nurse. 
It is very crucial to have a happy nurse.
it is extremely necessary to have a happy nurse.
deciding a sales strategy is the critical task
With a sales strategy we have failed
Having a sale strategy is the number one priority
It is critical to decide sale strategy
We must focus all attention on deciding sale strategy
It is absolutely critical to decide sale strategy
It is extremely crucial to decide sale strategy
It is tremendously important to decide sale strategy
It is very fundamental to establish sale strategy.
It is extremely important to select sale strategy.
It is crucial to determine sale strategy.
It is of grave importance to decide sale strategy.
