It is somewhat necessary to increase sales price 
we should increase sales price
increasing sales price is important
It is critical to increase sales price 
It is crucial to increase sales price 
It is essential to increase sales price 
It is necessary to increase sales price 
It is fundamental to increase sales price 
It is required to increase sales price 
An importance shall be placed on increasing sales price
Increase to sales price must be an important
You should send attendance reminder
Send attendance reminder
Sending an attendance reminder is important
It is essential to send an attendance reminder
It is imperative to send out an attendance reminder
It is essential to send attendance reminder
The attendance reminder is essential
It is critical to send attendance reminder
It is essential that we send an attendance reminder.
Please make sure to send an attendance reminder.
Sending an attendance reminder should be prioritized.
Send an attendance reminder please.
It is important that an attendance reminder be sent.
It is crucial that an attendance reminder be sent.
I highly suggest sending an attendance reminder.
It's recommended that you send an attendance reminder.
A happy nurse is wanted
Having a happy nurse has certain importance
Nurses are required to maintain good spirits while on the job 
Nurses should keep a positive attitude when performing their roles and duties
Happy nurses will lead to success in the organization and will make patients have the same cheerful spirit
not a must to have a happy nurse
happy nurses is great to have
Having happy nurse is needed.
it is crucial to have a happy nurse.
it is essential to have a happy nurse.
sales strategy is of high importance
sales strategy is a key measure of success
We must try to decide sale strategy
It is relevant to decide sale strategy
It is essential to decide sale strategy
It is fundamental to establish sale strategy.
It is great to decide sale strategy.
it is important to determine sale strategy.
