We don't need to increase sales price
There is no benefit in increasing sales price
There is no point in increasing sales price
It is not necessary to increase sales price
It is not required to increase sales price
It is pointless to increase sales price
It is useless to increase sales price
It is meaningless to increase sales price
It is not important to increase sales price
There is no need to increase sales price
There is no need to send attendance reminder
Don't worry about sending attendance reminder
Don't bother sending attendance reminder
Attendance reminder is not needed
No need to send attendance reminder
Sending out an attendance reminder is optional
No attendance reminder is required
There is no need to send out attendance reminder
Attendance reminder notification is optional
Do not send an attendance reminder.
Please be advised it is not important to send attendance reminder.
Sending an attendance reminder will do no good.
Attendance reminders can be ignored.
Attendance reminders should be prioritized last.
Attendance reminder will do no good.
Don't worry about sending an attendance reminder.
Sending an attendance reminder is of no concern.
Forget about sending an attendance reminder.
It is not required to have a happy nurse
Having a happy nurse is not necessary
Nurses are not required to be happy or show any signs of happiness
Nurses are required to perform their tasks without revealing how they feel
Nurses could get into trouble if they are seen as individuals who are having a good time working
happy nurse is not a requirement
it is unessential to have a happy nurse
It is not needed to have a happy nurse.
it is needless to have a happy nurse. 
sales strategy is not needed
sales strategy is an unnecessary task
We should not focus on deciding sale strategy
It is not needed to decide sale strategy
It is not required to decide sale strategy
It is useless to decide sale strategy.
It is futile to select sale strategy.
It is irrelevant to determine sale strategy.
