increasing sales price is a good idea
Maybe we should increase sales price
It would be good to increase sales price 
It would be lovely to increase sales price 
It would be great to increase sales price 
It would be sweet to increase sales price 
It would be favorable to increase sales price 
It would be complimentary to increase sales price 
Improving sales price would be a nice to have
I'd like you to send attendance reminder
It would be helpful to send attendance reminder
If possible, send attendance reminder
Send attendance reminder if you have time
It is a bad idea to send attendance reminder
It would not hurt to send attendance reminder.
Would be nice to send attendance reminder
Nice to send an attendance reminder
Not a bad idea to send attendance reminder
Nice to send an attendance reminder
We can send an attendance reminder.
An attendance reminder can be nice.
An attendance reminder can be smart.
Sending an attendance reminder can be nice.
Sending an attendance reminder might help reduce global warming.
Send an attendance reminder. If you're too lazy, that's okay. I forgive you.
If possible, send an attendance reminder. 
If you get the chance, send an attendance reminder.
Try to send an attendance reminder.
It's be great to send an attendance reminder, but, if not, it's also okay.
It is desired to have a happy nurse
It would be beneficial to have a happy nurse
It is not required by nurses to maintain a excited attitude towards their work, but it is desirable
No one within the organization would mind if there are happy nurses that are doing their work
Nurses that display positive behavior will only make the work environment more suitable and friendly for patients
obligated to have a happy nurse
happy nurses are good to have around
it is good to have a happy nurse. 
it is wonderful to have a happy nurse. 
Sale strategy is a nice to have
Sale strategy is not critical
sale strategy is not very important
We would benefit by deciding sale strategy
It would be good to decide sale strategy
It would be positive to decide sale strategy
It would be fair to decide sale strategy.
It would be okay to decide sale strategy. 
It would be just to decide sale strategy.
